---
title: Home
---


Hello, I'm Will Sewell. I'm a software engineer with a focus on
distributed systems and cloud infrastructure. For the past 6 years I've
been working at [Pusher](https://pusher.com/) on their
[Channels](https://pusher.com/channels) product.

I'm enthusiastic about functional programming (Haskell in particular),
so I of course spend my day job writing Go or Ruby! My outlet is to
develop the
[pusher-http-haskell](https://github.com/WillSewell/pusher-http-haskell)
library in my free time.

I love getting to the bottom of obscure production bugs or performance
issues. If I learn something interesting, I like to write it up as a
[blog post](blog.html).

Previously I did an MPhil (masters) degree in Advanced Computer Science
at the University of Cambridge where I focused on the topics mentioned
above, alongside more theoretical courses like category theory and
abstract algebra. I wrote [an essay on models of trust
propagation](https://www.dropbox.com/s/rxg2fiqzj6zlj01/essay.pdf) of all
things.

That's enough about tech!

To keep fit I go cycling or running. My unusual hobby is to maintain a
[jarrarium](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jarrariums/). I also enjoy watching
[Cities: Skylines](https://www.citiesskylines.com/) videos. If you need
convincing, you must watch [this
series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mO7waxG-KMU&list=PLkBlOw_hzgdfL6Gqw0l9P1TYKn_WIgrd-)
where _Citywokcitywall_ build a Mars colony. This is absolutely not what
the game was designed for!

I like reading about urban planning, history, business, economics, and
politics. I should really read some fiction again... Anyway, here's my
[Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/18736447-william). I
always appreciate recommendations.

I love maps! Do you ever find yourself opening Google Maps for no reason
and aimlessly scroll around? I do. Maybe it's just me.

To relax I build 90s lego sets and doing jigsaw puzzles. I most recently
completed a 1,000 piece puzzle of the surface of Earth. There's a lotta
ocean on planet Earth...
